this boy thought he was an orphan but
was actually a billionaire
remy was abandoned by his parents when
he was six months
barbarian found the boy's clothes
expensive so he took him home
he thought remy's parents would come to
redeem the child and he would receive a
large sum of money
but barbaran's wife madame was a kind
person so she wholeheartedly took care
of the boy
remy was an 11 year old boy now the
boy's life was very comfortable
at night he was lulled to sleep by his
mother in the morning
he took the cow to graze life was very
happy and innocent
but unfortunately barbarian fell and
broke his leg while working in paris
he asked his wife to send 400 euros to
find a lawyer
because she had no money left madam had
to sell the cows to her neighbor
remy was very sad he often went to the
neighbor's house to visit them
one day while remy was singing to the
cows a strange man suddenly appeared
caused the boy to panic and run away
after coming back home
remy found barbarian angry because madam
did not collect enough money
he did not receive compensation from the
company he wanted to kick remy out of
the house because his parents did not
come
so remy was now out of value madam had
to tell remy the truth that he was an
abandoned child
she showed him the expensive newborn
clothes that he wore after learning of
his true
identity remy was unable to sleep he
thought his life was extremely peaceful
and happy
but unexpectedly it was full of
unhappiness the next morning
madam told remy that he was not being
taken to the orphanage
they would ask for the mayor's aid remy
was glad he and barbaran came to town
but barbaran still wanted to take the
boy into the orphanage
remy was angry ran to a restaurant he
met the mysterious man who was at the
barn the day before
next to him was a dog and a monkey he
was vitilis a street performer
he wanted to hire remy with a salary of
30 euros last year
the greedy barbarian agreed took the
money and left
when vitalys led remy through his house
the boy screamed for help from his
adoptive mother
but she was stopped by the greedy
husband remy realized that his life
would change from now on
after accompanying videls remy realized
he was a good man
he not only shared his meager portion of
bread for dog and monkey
but also protected remy vitili said he
recognized remy's singing ability
the boy had a beautiful and pure voice
the praise of vitili surprised remy the
boy just thought of himself as an
orphan that day vidalies and his animal
went to the town to perform
everyone applauded vitilis told remy to
sing but the boy was very shy
even carelessly fell that made his
clothes full of mud remy was
disappointed and angry with himself
he found himself unsuitable for singing
the dog brought remy a newspaper
the picture on the newspaper showed
vidalies was performing the violin
he told remy that he used to be a
musician reluctantly he had to wander
vitilis saw that remy had the potential
to become a famous artist in the future
he wanted remy to learn letters so he
could write to his adoptive mother
after regaining the trust remy and
vitilis set out again
he both learned to write and practiced
singing three months later
remy wrote his first letter to his
adoptive mother and received a reply
the boy was extremely happy
do
the two quickly became good friends
lisa's mother was very happy to see her
daughter smile
she hadn't been smiling like that for a
long time during the performance
because he did not have a permit mr
vitales was arrested by the police
remy asked ask lisa's mother for help
the court made a condition that if mr
vitales told about his true identity
he would be released he disagreed and
was sentenced for two months in prison
vitilis told remy that he was a criminal
because of his passion for singing
he neglected his family his son lit a
candle at the door every day to wait for
his father's return
unexpectedly one day a candle burned
down the whole house
so his son died since then vitilis
became a street artist
after hearing the story remy understood
his many suffering
remy stayed at lisa's house and the two
children played happily together
lisa accidentally saw remy's newborn
clothes the boy told her about his true
identity
they became close friends two months
later mr vitales was released
he went to pick up remy lisa's mother
wanted remy to stay here as lisa's
butler
mr vitelli said that remy had the
ability to sing being a butler would
waste his talents
if remy was popular he could marry lisa
lisa's mother thought that remy would
not be popular
and that marrying her daughter was even
more impossible however
the decision belonged to remy finally
remy chose to go with mr vitilis
he knew that only by following him to
study could he enter the upper society
he could find his biological parents
lisa's mother was about to make clothes
for her cousin
seeing the fabric was identical to that
of remy's clothes lisa told her mother
her mother was amazed because this
fabric was so expensive that only nobles
could use
she wrote letters to many friends to
find remy's biological mother
another unfortunate thing happened to
remy mr vitilis had tuberculosis
coughed up blood the monkey also had a
large lump on his body
the winter came vidalia's led remy to a
motel invited the doctor to examine the
monkey
the doctor said his tuberculosis was
very serious and had to be treated
quickly
but vitilis also had to take care of the
monkey and pay for the room
vitilis held a show at the inn earned a
lot of money but this money was not
enough to cure the monkey
a female musician looked for vitilis she
realized his true identity
she was a big fan of him she gave him a
gold coin and left
remy happily ran to the monkey but it
was no longer breathing
after the burial remy wrote to lisa and
received a reply
in the letter lisa wrote that her mother
had found remy's biological parents
told him to contact the lawyer james
milligan after confirming remy's
identity
the lawyer took the boy to meet his
biological parents but the boy's parents
did not have a noble temperament that
made vidalia suspicious
they generously gave vidalies a large
sum of money and sent him away
that night they revealed their evil
nature lawyer milligan was remy's uncle
because of the fortune he killed remy's
father and even wanted to kill the boy
his subordinate didn't want to do that
so he placed the boy in front of the
church
attorney milligan had been looking for
the boy for many years
if he killed remy the fortune would
belong to him vitilis promptly came to
rescue remy
and forced them to reveal the real
whereabouts of remy's biological parents
on the way to find his biological
parents they met a big snowstorm
in order to prevent remy from getting
cold vitilige warmed him with his body
all night
when remy woke up he was in a large
house in front of him was his mother
lawyer milligan told that remy was the
fake he wanted to usurp the estate
he tried every way to slander the boy
remy's mother saw the lullaby lyrics so
she realized that this was the song she
used to sing during her pregnancy
the mother and son happily reunited remy
told his mother that james milligan
wanted to kill him
so he was arrested remy buried mr
vitales thoughtfully and found his kind
adoptive mother
he gave her a large sum of money fifty
years later remy became an old man
he used his estate to build an orphanage
remy returned to her room and chatted
with her wife
lisa thus after overcoming many
hardships
the orphan boy has found his biological
mother and inherited his fortune
and lived a happy life with lisa